Now we will show how to change
mirror element two mirror samples
this waterloo throws but dismounts
mirror element without damaging it
hard enough even to a man who
in this case there is experience we will need
here's a screwdriver and it's curved
the position we derive extremely mirror
element and you need to pry the latch which
Now I will take a picture to the mirror
see here for the slits that are
Here we are in the extreme position
scoops element and need to
try in the reviews at least one two
Latch lift we should
recall here it turns ugu here this ear
it will be possible to be seen and here it is
ear
a little bit to the right and now it will be due
after year for connell no
different in the heated rim
mirror element here will be here
there will be two additional contacts needed
will just remove the connector
There is nothing complicated about the installation
too just enough just here
we get cups
and snap can be quite strong
not afraid to crush many are afraid of the latch
the whole replacement is just the same thing
only by car